Can Li Ye let us go now?
Boy, so what if you can fight
Can you beat the entire Temple of War?
Behind Lao Tzu is the Qin family of the War God Temple
The Qin family of the Temple of War is right
I'm afraid it's over
What's the use of this society now?
We're talking about power and status.
Mr. Qin Fenglian is my backer
Miss Qin Fengying is my master
Do you believe it or not?
A word from Lao Tzu can make you disappear in midsummer
Hello Mr. Shen
I am Qin Mengying
I have arrived at the entrance of Yueyun Bar and come in directly
I'm at the booth
Now I know to move the rescuers
It's late, I'll see who dares to come today
Who dares to take this beam
The person who called me is your master
Qin Mengying will be here soon.
Hahahaha
You said it was Miss Qin who called you just now.
What kind of accountant are you opening?
What a noble man that is
Even I can only wait for him to summon me
You told me he gave you a call.
How dare you!
Shen Long has reached this point
Can you die if you don't brag?
Today we are going to be completely killed by you
Today, my father Li will accompany you and wait here.
If you didn't call Miss Qin
I'll rip your head off and use it as a medicine pot
Hahaha Li Ye
What about this?
None of our business
It's all him and you
You only punish him and let us go?
Yes, Li Ye
These things are all made by Shen Rong
We are innocent.
Simi Youlin Miaomiao
How can you do that?
That's enough!
Everyone here today
Anyone who has anything to do with this kid
None of them.
What a big breath